# AIOs 10/31/14

[Last Week](aio_10_10_14.md)

It's been a busy couple of weeks; haven't filled one of these out since
10/10/14.  This covers everything that's happened since then.

## Accomplishments
- Sent in some job applications. More to do still.
- Sent in poster session application to PyCon.
- Finished up my remaining issues for SymPy. Should be a release out in the
  next weekish (hopefully).
- Read *a ton* of papers on unification and matching in the presence of
  Associative-Commutative functions. This will be used by the tiling algorithm
  proposed in Matthew Rocklin's thesis for matching computations to
  mathematics. The approach I think I'm going to take is using discrimination
  nets (a trie like data structure), with a modification for AC functions using
  bipartite graph matching. Haven't decided if the discrimination nets will be
  deterministic or non-deterministic yet. A deterministic approach would be
  faster (no need to backtrack), but would take up more space.
  Non-deterministic would also be nice as they could be composed lazily.
  Unfortunately, there is no guarantee that the first match found is the *best*
  match as per our scoring based on FLOPS. So a greedy algorithm would have to
  find all to know what the best decision at that branch is anyway.
- Went to the GSoC Reunion, which was amazing. Had some really good
  conversations with some really smart people. It was also nice to finally meet
  Aaron, Ondrej, and Matthew. Plan to have a blog post up about it soon.
- Rigorous testing of estimator on hardware. Found (and fixed) some lurking
  hardware bugs while doing this. The estimator performed poorly, but this is
  may be due to the hardware issues. Need to redo the sys-id *again* :(
- Read some papers on Linear Parameter Varying system estimators. This seems to
  *almost* fit my system. For my convex opt project I plan to try to synthesize
  an estimator using these techniques. They should be able to handle the
  uncertainties in a less heuristic-y way, but may perform poorer due to the
  naive observer implementation. We'll see.
- Soooo much grading.

## Issues
- Spent too much time on reading papers on matching, and not enough on school
  stuff. My personal projects are more interesting than my job.

## Objectives

- Redo system-id on the newly wired up hardware, and develop a model that
  accounts for the nonlinearities at the boundaries. This is in process, should
  be done early next week.
- Retry estimator with new model.
- Start coding up discrimination net matching algorithm. I *think* I understand
  it all right now, but won't be sure until I try. This is more computer
  science stuff than I've ever done before, but it's kind of fun.
- Finish homework during the week, so I have the weekend to climb outside. The
  snow should be coming soon, and I really want to get back to sandstone for
  one more weekend of attempts on ["The Best V5 in
  MN"](http://vimeo.com/33009340).
- Get the house ready for winter. Need to figure out how to make our ancient
  fire-hazard of a heater into something more efficient. Also - cover windows
  in plastic, and get the garden in.


## Long Term Objectives

- Solve singularity issue for bicycle example
