# AIOs 9/19/14

[Last Week](aio_9_19_14.md)

## Accomplishments
- Got driver circuits built and calibrated. Ready for experimental validation
  next week!
- Got driver micro hooked up to xPC target.
- Figured out what the issue in my simulation code is that's resulting in a
  stiff system. Simulink does magical things without telling you. In this case,
  models stored in separate files have their own sampling rates that aren't set
  by the main file. Which is silly. Fixed by putting *everything in one file*,
  which makes me feel horrible, but at least got things working. Who needs code
  reuse anyway :/.
- Wrote code for new declarative structures for symcc. This is 75% done. The
  assumptions system in sympy uses a custom metaclass that made aliasing
  assumptions extremely difficult to do. The `Routine` and `RoutineCall`
  classes are done. The `RoutineCallScalarResult` object is done, but may still
  have some bugs. Still need to handle matrix returns, and add tests.
- First homework assignment for the convex opt and control course I'm taking is
  done. Just proofs and stuff, nothing interesting yet. 

## Issues
- Still no consensus on how the deprecation of `lambdify` should work. I merged
  the PR "fixing" this a while ago, but it needs to be redone before we release
  SymPy 0.7.6.
- Spent waaaay too long trying to figure out how to alias assumptions in SymPy.
  This doesn't get me paid at all, but it's really interesting, and I have no
  self control :/

## Objectives

- Read 2 chaperts of Boyd CVX. I didn't have time this week. Need to do this
  ASAP, as the class is diverging from Boyd, and I want to finish CVX before
  moving on to the LMI book.
- Try least squares estimator using xPC target. Rumor has it my lab's ancient
  version of Matlab 2008 can't compile Matlab function blocks, so this probably
  won't work...
- Try EKF design on hardware, just for fun.
- Job search.
- Finish up `Routine` classes for symcc, and add tests and docstrings.
- Finish up design of transformation structures. Design should be *easily*
  extended with new transformations (by normal users, not just myself).
- Jason sent me a neat tutorial about
  [CasADi](https://github.com/casadi/casadi). May look into using this for the
  project portion of my convex opt course instead of CVX, as I think I can get
  it to interface well with `pydy`. Just need to verify that it supports convex
  solvers.

## Long Term Objectives

- Solve singularity issue for bicycle example
