# AIOs 10/3/14

[Last Week](aio_10_3_14.md)

## Accomplishments
- Sent in some job applications. More to do still.
- Tried EKF design on hardware. This didn't work too well, I think due to the
  poorness of our model. If the model was improved, then the gain could be
  increased without such an increase in the noise.
- Tried tuning the least squares estimator more. It only works in between (i.e.
  not *at*) the boundaries. Need an improved model that accounts for the error
  at the boundary.
- Worked out robustness analysis of algorithm. Although this is irrelevant for
  now, as the plant model is poor and will probably change.
- Read through Matthew Rocklin's
  [dissertation](people.cs.uchicago.edu/~mrocklin/storage/dissertation.pdf).
  Super intersting stuff. Will be incorporating some of the design into symcc.
  Mainly the greedy tiling algorithm, which is something I was still trying to
  find a solution for. Scalar computations are simple to annotate in code, most
  languages have them as first class constructs. Matrix computations need to be
  done by external routines in C, so a tiling algorithm is needed to best match
  a matrix expression tree to a DAG of underlying computational routine calls.
  I'm not a fan of the functional style of his code though. Python *has*
  functional constructs, but using them rigorously in open-source software is
  an impediment to entry to the project for those that haven't had a functional
  background (i.e. they don't "read easily" to most people). I may try to
  contact him next week with some questions about his work. I'll probably see
  him in 2 weeks out at the GSoC reunion anyway.

## Issues
- More excited/intersted in things that don't matter to me graduating than my
  research right now. Need to focus better. 

## Objectives

- Redo system-id on the newly wired up hardware, and develop a model that
  accounts for the nonlinearities at the boundaries.
- Try new model with the estimation algorithm.
- Job search continues.
- Send in poster session application to PyCon. Didn't get to this, priority for
  this week.
- Code up `SymbolTable` implementation for SymCC. This is started, but I ran
  into some issues with the design. Need to rethink the plan.
- Finish up my remaining issues so we can get a release of SymPy out. This is a
  huge priority right now. Haven't been pulling my weight.

## Long Term Objectives

- Solve singularity issue for bicycle example
