# AIOs 9/19/14

[Last Week](aio_9_12_14.md)

## Accomplishments
- Submitted PyCon proposal
- Got symcc testing setup and on Travis
- Update Resume, and put on my website 
- Went to career fair. Apparently I should have been an EE? Most controls jobs
  seem to be for "EEs only" :(
- Read 2 chapters of Boyd CVX. I meant to read 3, but didn't have time for the
  3rd.
- Simulated continuous time ekf and least-squares estimator with parameter
  estimation. For some reason, my simulation requires a stiff solver to run,
  while Perry's runs fine with just fixed step 4th order runge-kutta. Need to
  dig through his code to figure out why.
- Started code for new `Routine` datatypes for `symcc`. The design is outlined,
  I just need to finish the code. There are some tricky things that need to be
  figured out as well having to do with retaining assumptions when calling a
  routine in an expression. The called routine object needs to "alias"
  assumption queries to the underlying expression being computed, while at the
  same time preventing any changes to the expression itself (i.e. don't want
  `subs` to work inside a `Routine`).

## Issues

- Out of commission for ~4 days due to illness :(
- Parts *still* aren't here. If they aren't here by Monday, I'm going to call
  Digi-Key. Digi-Key is *in* MN, I could have driven there and picked them up
  myself. *<grumble>*

## Objectives

- Read 2 chaperts of Boyd CVX.
- Figure out what the issue in my simulation code is that's resulting in a stiff system.
- Get driver circuits built and calibrated (provided my parts ever arrive...)
- Get driver micro hooked up to xPC target
- Try least squares estimator using xPC target
- Write code for new declarative structures

## Long Term Objectives

- Solve singularity issue for bicycle example
